### Discrimination and Sexual Harassment
Northwestern University's Policies on Discrimination, Harassment, and Sexual Harassment apply to all members of the University community, including students, staff, and faculty. Any student, staff, or faculty member who believes that he or she has been discriminated against or harassed on the basis of their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, parental status, marital status, age, disability, citizenship, veteran status, genetic information or any other classification protected by law, should contact the Office of Equal Opportunity and Access at (847) 491-7458 or the Sexual Harassment Prevention Office at (847) 467-6571. Additional information about the University's discrimination and harassment policies, including the campus resources available to assist individuals with discrimination or harassment concerns, is available online on the Human Resources Equal Opportunity and Access website.

### Sexual Misconduct and Reporting
Northwestern University is committed to fostering an environment where students are safe and free from sexual misconduct. Confidential resources are available to those who have experienced sexual misconduct. Faculty and instructors are not confidential resources and are required to report incidents of sexual misconduct, whether discussed in your assignments or in person, to the Title IX Coordinator, who can provide information about resources and options. I encourage students who have experienced sexual misconduct to talk with someone to get support. For more information, including how to request interim protective measures and academic accommodations or file a complaint, see the Get Help page.

### Inclusion Statement
Medill is committed to creating an inclusive environment and to providing equity in opportunities. Medill is dedicated to creating a socially just community by fostering acceptance for a broad range of communities and concepts. We aim to welcome people from diverse backgrounds and support them so they may thrive in our community and beyond.
